Q 1. What is the difference between descriptive vs inferential statistics?
ans: Descriptive Statistics gives information about raw data regarding its description or features.
     (ex: sharemarket ups and down every minutes and seconds.more acurate) 
     Inferential statistics, on the other hand, draw inferences about the population by using data extracted from the population.
     (ex: election results on the basis of polls analysis, less acurate)

Q 2. Difference between populations and sample?
ans: populations = population means total number of population for example we found covid vaccine in usa where total number of population 
     is 30 cr and we give results on the behalf of sample only 40000. so this is the basic difference between population and sample.

Q 3. What is hypothesys? Difference between null and alternate hypothesys?
ans: Hypothesys simply means to made an assumptions on the basis of the comparing two datasets whether they are same or different on comparing.
     There are two types:
     1. Null Hypothesys : when there is no significant difference between comparing of two datasets.so there is null hypothesys.
     2. Alternate Hypothesys : when there is a significant difference between comparing of two datasets. so there is alternate hypothesys.
     If Null hypothesys accepted alternate hypothesys rejected.
     And if null hypothesys rejected alternate hypothesys accepted.

Q 4. What is central limit theorem in statistics?
ans: The central limit theorem says that the sampling distribution of the mean will always be normally distributed, as long as the sample size is large enough.

Q 5. What is difference between type 1 and type 2 errors?
ans: You decide to get tested for COVID-19 based on mild symptoms. There are two errors that could potentially occur:
     Type I error (false positive): the test result says you have coronavirus, but you actually don’t.
     Type II error (false negative): the test result says you don’t have coronavirus, but you actually do. 

Q 6. What is linear regression?
ans: Linear regression analysis is used to predict the value of a variable based on the value of another variable.

Q 7. what are the assumptions required for linear regressions?
ans: Linear regression is an analysis that assesses whether one or more predictor variables explain the dependent (criterion) variable. 
     The regression has five key assumptions:

     Linear relationship
     Multivariate normality
     No or little multicollinearity
     No auto-correlation
     Homoscedasticity